MDS Review Process (#3349)
dotnet/SqlClient: README.md

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient?label=Nuget.org%20Downloads&style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient)
[![Build status](https://sqlclientdrivers.visualstudio.com/public/_apis/build/status/ADO/CI-SqlClient)](https://sqlclientdrivers.visualstudio.com/public/_build/latest?definitionId=1879)

# Microsoft SqlClient Data Provider for SQL Server

> Microsoft.Data.SqlClient is a .NET data provider for [Microsoft SQL Server]([url](https://aka.ms/sql)) and the [Azure SQL]([url](https://aka.ms/azure_sql)) family of databases. It grew from a union of the two System.Data.SqlClient components which live independently in .NET Framework and .NET Core. Going forward, support for new SQL Server and Azure SQL features will only be implemented in Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft.Data.SqlClient is a .NET data provider for [Microsoft SQL Server]([url](https://aka.ms/sql)) and the [Azure SQL]([url](https://aka.ms/azure_sql)) family of databases. It grew from a union of the two System.Data.SqlClient components which live independently in .NET Framework and .NET. Going forward, support for new SQL Server and Azure SQL features will only be implemented in Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.
```

Quick brand update here.

Separately, it's not completely accurate to describe it for the SQL Server & Azure SQL family of databases - this leaves out TDS endpoints like Fabric and Dynamics 365. I'm not sure how to phrase that though.

Author: Agreed about the SQL stuff, but I'm not entirely sure how to future proof it.  We can revisit - I have some plans to tidy up all of the ancillary files in the repo.

## Release Notes

All preview and stable driver release notes are available under [release-notes](release-notes).

## Porting from System.Data.SqlClient

Refer to [porting-cheat-sheet.md](porting-cheat-sheet.md) for a safe porting experience from System.Data.SqlClient to Microsoft.Data.SqlClient and share your experience with us by enhancing this guide for future developers.

## Still have questions?

Check out our [FAQ](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions). Still not answered? Create an [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/issues/new/choose) to ask a question.

<!-- BEGIN MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD V0.0.3 BLOCK -->

## Security

Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets Microsoft's [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)), please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/definition-of-a-security-vulnerability), please report it to us as described below.
```

Repeated word. Also updated the link as per the MSRC [homepage](https://msrc.microsoft.com/).
